Jasper Beachy
Saint Louis Park, MN, 55416
Email: jbeachy@gustavus.edu | Phone: 650-384-9045| Github: https://github.com/jbeachy21 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jasperbeachy/ | Portfolio: https://jbeachy21.github.io/FoundationPortfolio/index.html 
Summary:
I am a graduate of Gustavus Adolphus College with a background in Chemistry and a striving Freelance Web Developer.  I have recently graduated from the University of Minnesota Full Stack (MERN) Coding Bootcamp and I am interested in an entry level position in the Web/Software Development field(s).

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Programming Languages/Technologies: JavaScript, Bootstrap, TypeScript, Vue, React, Angular, Firebase, Node.js, Zurb Foundation, SCSS, Express.js, jQuery, MySQL, MongoDB, Ruby, GIT, Command Line, RESTful APIs, and Passport.js
Languages: English, Swedish and Spanish

APPLICATIONS BUILT:	
How’s My Driving (back end)
A Node.js application for being able to review good and bad drivers.  This is done through a secure authentication system made using passport.  
Node.js, Sequelize, Passport with bcrypt, Express, Bootstrap, MySQL
https://secure-mesa-64150.herokuapp.com/ 
Jamster (front end)
Jamster is a react application designed for musicians, with the intention of matching them with other musicians who wish to jam.  To start, a new user can create an account, enter their email, password, and select their primary instrument and skill level.  
React.js, React Bootstrap, NPM, JSON, Sticky footer, MySQL for authentication, CSS, and Heroku
https://betterjamster.herokuapp.com/ 
Clicky Game 
A simple memory game, which after clicking any card, the cards will shuffle and if any card is clicked twice the score will reset to 0.
React.js, NPM, JSON, CSS, and Heroku
https://agile-fjord-96128.herokuapp.com/  

EXPERIENCE:

DeFiner, Front End Developer, Minneapolis, MN, October 2019 - Present
Work on an Agile team for cryptocurrency startup DeFiner, using tools such as Typescript, Jasmine, Karma, AWS, Angular, and npm, to further develop and maintain the web platform of Ethereum based DeFiner marketplace.  

Freelance Web Developer, Minneapolis, MN, November 2018 - September 2019 
Used languages and technologies such as JavaScript, Node.js, Express.js, React.js, jQuery,  MySQL, MongoDB, Bootstrap, and Zurb Foundation to create web apps.  In this line of work created web applications such as How’s My Driving, Jamster, and Clicky Game as well as learning relevant technologies such as Ruby and Angular.    

Biacore Technician, Stanford University School of Medicine, Stanford, CA 
August 2017 - October 2017 Collaborated with one other lab member to test a library of 5,000 small molecules and fragments for binding to an immune cell receptor protein. An advanced sensor approach was used, Surface Plasmon Resonance (SPR), on a Biacore instrument to identify fragments that bound to the cell receptor. Data was analyzed for binding affinity and kinetics to identify the most promising ligands as a first step towards drug development.  

EDUCATION:	
                                                                                                    
Full Stack Web Development Bootcamp, University of Minnesota, Saint Paul, MN 
An intensive 24-week long boot camp dedicated to learning how to design and build web applications. Skills acquired  consist of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, Firebase, Node.js, MySQL, MongoDB, Cheerio, Passport, Express, Handlebars JS, & React Js. 

Bachelor of Arts, Gustavus Adolphus College, Saint Peter, MN                                                                                                     
Graduate of Gustavus Adolphus College with a major in Chemistry and a minor in Scandinavian Studies.